Add copy's section to the core page of the documentation (#71)
php-etl/documentation: content/core-concept/satellite/_index.en.md

#...
```

> #### Copy custom files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add custom code without a Composer package
```

> You want to use a class but you can't add a package to your composer ? Use the copy option under de docker/filesystem key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to use a custom class but you can't add a composer package, or creating this package is a disproportional effort. In this cas you have the `copy` options under the adapter.

Supported by Docker and Filesystem adapters.
```

Il faut ajouter un lien vers la configuration des adapters Docker et Filesystem.

> The build will copy files you indicate on the yaml to the path you provide. If you are a class with namespace, don't forget to add it to your autoload (see autoload section lower)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build will copy files you list. If you use a class with a namespace, you will need to add the namespace to the autoloading specification.
```

Il faut ajouter un lien vers la configuration de l'autoloader.
